Release Chronograf v1.10.3 (#5337)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1/about_the_project/release-notes.md

  - /chronograf/v1/about_the_project/release-notes-changelog/
---

## v1.10.3 {date="2024-02-28"}

### Features

> - Possibility to specify OAuth logout endpoint to logout from OAuth Identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify an OAuth logout endpoint to logout from your OAuth identity provider.
```
